the United Nations and other
multilateral organizations are needed
more urgently than ever to be successful
we must be focused and resolute and
effective instead of only passing
resolutions to crying terrorist attacks
after they occur we must cooperate more
closely to keep terrorist attacks from
happening in the first place instead of
treating all forms of government is
equally tolerable we must actively
challenge the conditions of tyranny and
despair that allow terror and extremists
to thrive acting together to meet the
fundamental challenge of our time we can
lead toward a world that is more secure
and more prosperous and more hopeful in
the decades ahead the United Nations and
other multilateral organizations must
continually confront terror as mission
requires clarity of vision we must see
the terrorists for what they are
ruthless extremists who exploit the
desperate subvert the tenets of a great
religion and seek to impose their will
on as many people as possible some
suggest that these men would pose less
of a threat if we'd only leave them
alone yet their leaders make clear that
no concession could ever satisfy their
ambitions bringing the terrorists to
justice does not create terrorism it's
the best way to protect our people
multilateral organizations must respond
by taking an unequivocal moral stand
against terrorism no cause can justify
the deliberate taking of innocent life
and the international community is
nearing universal agreement on this
truth the vast majority of nations in
this assembly now agree that tactics
like suicide bombing hostage taking and
hijacking are never legitimate